.TH GEBACA 6 8/5/85
.SH NAME
gebaca - "GEt Back At Corporate America" - Logo shooting game
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.B "32ld gebaca.dmd.j"
.SH "OBJECT OF GAME"
Score as many points as possible by defeating the objects that
appear on the screen.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B gebaca
is a game designed to run stand-alone or under layers on the
5620 Dot Mapped
Display terminal. It makes use of the mouse connected to these
terminals to control the player's icon and to shoot at
other objects that appear on the screen.
.PP
The program is downloaded to the terminal using 32ld for the 5620.
The screen should then say:
.ce 2
GEBACA.
Hit any key to start.
When you hit a key, you will then have control of a funny man with a
hat that appears on the screen.
The man is moved by moving the mouse. The
middle button is used to shoot a missile upwards. Only one missile
may be on the screen at a time. The middle button may be held down
to shoot the missile as quickly as possible.
.PP
The game may be stopped at anytime by typing 'q'.
.XX Also the left and
.XX right buttons on the mouse behave as they normally do and may be
.XX used to select other layers, create new layers, etc.
.PP
In general, the man with the hat may not bump into anything that is
moving on the screen without being killed. You are given three men
at the beginning of every game with an extra man awarded every 12000
points.
.PP
The following are some of the objects that appear during the course
of the game:
.TP 24
\fBBell Logo\fR	(value: none)
The Bell Logo splits into two or more Bell and/or AT&T Logos after
you hit it a number of times. The number of times it must be hit
varies from instance to instance.
.TP 24
\fBAT&T Logo\fR	(value: 50 points \(mu number of Bell and AT&T logos on screen)
As with the Bell Logo, the AT&T Logo is killed after
you hit it a number of times. This number
varies from instance to instance and increases over time.
.TP 24
\fBIBM Logo\fR	(value: 250 points for each letter)
The first time you hit the IBM logo, it splits into its individual
letters. These must be shot to earn 250 points each.
.TP 24
\fBMTV\fR		(value: appears on screen plus 25 points per hit)
The MTV shoots deadly sour notes at the player which must be
avoided. The first time the MTV appears on the screen it has five
sour notes. Every time the MTV reappears it has an extra note to
shoot at you (up to 15).
Every time the MTV is hit with a missile it is
.I wounded.
This gets you 25 points and temporarily removes one of its notes
from the screen. If you wound it enough to remove
.I all
of its notes from the screen then the next hit will explode the MTV
for a potentially large number of points.
.IP "" 24
Be warned! A normal, happy MTV will shoot its notes in all
directions. But, when you wound the MTV, you make it MAD and it will
begin to shoot its notes directly at YOU. This is a temporary
condition however and the MTV heals and forgets rather quickly if
you leave it alone.
.TP 24
\fBCrazy Eddie\fR	(value: 500 plus 25 points per word)
Crazy Eddie enters the screen spouting an endless stream of deadly
words. Crazy Eddie is worth 500 points when you shoot him. Each word
that you hit is worth 25 points.
.TP 24
\fBBob\fR		(value: special)
Bob (J.R "Bob" Dobbs, the leader of the Church of the Subgenius)
eventually appears at bottom of the screen and basically just
follows you around. Bob will also block MTV's sour notes and Crazy
Eddie's words.
If you (or someone like you) shoot Bob directly, you
.I lose
1000 points. However, if you are skillful/fortunate enough to cause Bob
to be hit by fragments of an exploding MTV or Crazy Eddie, you will
be awarded 2000 points plus a special surprise bonus.
.TP 24
\fBMacDonald's Golden Arches\fR	(value: 5000 plus 1 point per burger)
When MacDonald's Golden Arches appear, they will display how many
burgers that have been served. This number increments (almost)
endlessly. When you shoot the arches you get a point and
.I decrement
the number served. If you shoot that number to 0, MacDonald's goes
away for a while and you get 5000 points.
.IP "" 24
As with other things on the screen, touch MacDonald's Golden Arches
is fatal. Don't be surprised if you are strangely attracted to them
nonetheless!
.SH AUTHOR
Pat Autilio
.SH BUGS
A few.
Don't be fooled, though.
Not everything that seems to go wrong is a bug!! Have fun. PAA
